Before you start making visualizations,
we'll first talk about the design of visualizations.
When it comes to explanatory data visualizations,
it is important to adhere to good design principles in order to make
sure that your findings are conveyed accurately and clearly.
Otherwise, you run the risk of your audience not following your story,
or worse, misled to the wrong conclusions.
Design principles are also useful during
the exploratory phase of the data analysis process.
After all, there is still an audience present here, yourself.
By using design principles to select an appropriate plot in useful encodings,
you'll be able to learn from the data in an efficient manner.